hey everyone we're back with another
video a spider-man unlimited and I'm
really really really excited right now I
mean wow would you look at that the
spring fever kind of thing 50% off
there's one hour left and I think just
because I logged in right now I'm
surprised they have this Packer I didn't
even know it existed I even know these
spider-man existence existed spider-man
1602 let's go on in here I'm not sure if
we're gonna get it though all right so
you know there's a new story in Marvel
1602 issue number one this is where you
can check out this spider-man story here
it is basically that is pretty much it
we're gonna go in here one plus one two
combos from a near-miss actually that's
pretty good all right and then there's
this one bullet points I this looks like
the assassin spider-man with a different
color almost I mean similar and you know
at first I was like yeah I'm never gonna
buy packs again because obviously we
don't get anything but at this price I
can't help but just get it I mean all
right actually let's take a look at
bullet points what am i doing all right
so bullets
I mean bullet point number four issue
number four and I do not know this
bullet point kind of story I had
actually never seen it I haven't even
seen any game actually with this bullet
point usually I know most of the
spider-man from video games or from TV
shows but this one I didn't see before
so I'm not really sure about it we get
back out there plus one two combos from
attacks hey that is a good thing enemy
gives 30% more veils and we're gonna get
out of here and let's buy it it's 40 20
is okay I gotta say this game loft 20 is
okay I mean 40 is way too much of course
there's always this girl that I'm
probably not gonna get ladies spider
while we're taking a look at a lot of
spider-man in the
in this video all right we can get out
there so lies lady spider it looks like
they're changing the design event now
that's by 20 oh yeah we got spider-man
1602 no I was expecting the other 100 um
what is this portal flash sale get these
one hour Oni Oh
all right we're good oh it's one hour to
various people all right so one hour
let's see let's make a run with this
spider-man there it is you notice like
you know he he's like wearing the suit
type of material I'm not talking about
like the spider suit like actual um
professional businessman suit that looks
like the same material but you'll notice
like yeah there's the red thing there in
the middle there's no spider
of course the mouse looks very similar
let's go back out all right so there's
50 minutes left so I'm gonna have to do
this quickly
and the reason to that is because I want
to buy another pack all right let's do
this run in this lady spider thing all
right let's fine where's this guy here
he is and this is spider-man 1602
really gentleman looking smarter man I
gotta say it really gentleman like
classy whatever you want to call it all
right so here he is the spiders on the
back and the legs are really really long
I gotta say that it extends all the way
to the edge but it doesn't go in front
and when he does I jump you know let's
take a look at it again
you know the spinning jump alright
nevermind he's not spinning come on are
you serious
yeah when when he does a spinning jump
it looks like it rolls up into a spider
looking circle so it's pretty nice there
we're gonna run a bit more hey there's a
nice o8 guy that got a slight a bit but
I was pretty happy the thing is I
haven't gotten a good character from the
packs for a very very very long while
I'm happy I'm able to get it I guess I
owe right we were supposed to be doing
near-miss stuff what am i doing oh come
on that wasn't near enough oh my god all
right forget it we died unfortunately so
there he is that's what he looks like on
the side the end screen but I gotta say
the near-miss stuff I really dislike on
ously I felt that we were pretty close
let's run again now hopefully I do want
to compete in event for lady spider but
it looks like I don't like the near miss
one I like doing near miss that 1000
come on that's a lot what give me like
500 of 500 near missed near miss could
kill you you know you like I mean it's
not even is it even counting my near
miss right now yeah alright it is let's
go here but yeah I mean a thousand is
way too much but there it is
spider-man 1602 I think it was 1602 I
was thinking it was 1902 or 1602
I think it's 1602 from my vivid memory
of whatever it said so I am trying to do
the near miss quest right now
unfortunately and hopefully we will
succeed but that's very slim anyways
that is pretty much it spider-man 1602
that's how you get it we have one more
hour so I'm gonna do some more unpacking
if we if we're good then we're good I'll
do another video on the
bullet points spider-man if we're not
good then I guess we'll see each other
later but let me know what you think
about the near miss event of course
definitely in my opinion I don't like
the near miss one the near miss one you
know it can kill you
yeah okay we're dead anyways uh that's
spider-man 1602 in spider-man unlimited
from over the vices